Please solve the following questions using 'if-else' statements and submit your code via https://codeshare.io/ for all questions as a single post by Wednesday
Q1. Write a program having two integer variables and check whether they are equal or not. For example a=10, b=10 both ‘a’ & ‘b’ are equal
Q2. Write a program to find a greater number between two integer variables. For example a=20, b=15
Q3. Write a Program to check whether a person is eligible to vote or not. For example, if the age is less than 18 then he/she wouldn’t be able to cast his/her vote.
Q4. Write a Program to find the largest number of the three. For example a=10, b=20, c=30 find the largest number among them
Q5. Write a program to check whether a number is negative, positive, or zero. If a=10 then it will print “Number is positive”.
Q6. Student Grading System
Build a “Student Grading System” using the concept of an if-else statement. If the marks of a student are equal to or greater than 90 then he will get ‘A+’ grade, if he gets marks between 80-89 then the grade will be A if marks between 70-79 then the grade will be ‘B’ and students having marks less than 70 will get ‘F’ grade.
Q7. Write a program to assign temperature in centigrade to a variable and display a suitable message according to the temperature state below :
Temp < 0 then Freezing weather
Temp 0-10 then Very Cold weather
Temp 10-20 then Cold weather
Temp 20-30 then Normal in Temp
Temp 30-40 then It's Hot
Temp >=40 then It's Very Hot
Test Data :
42
Expected Output :
It's very hot.
Q8. Write a dart program to check whether a character in a variable is an alphabet, digit, or special character.
Test Data :
@
Expected Output :
This is a special character.
Q9. Write a program in a dart to check whether an alphabet in a variable is a vowel or consonant.
Test Data :
k
Expected Output :
The alphabet is a consonant.
Q10. Write a program and assign a grade to a variable and declare the equivalent description
Grade Description
E - Excellent
V - Very Good
G - Good
A - Average
F - Fail
Q11. Write a program and assign any day number in an integer and display the day name in the word. If later we change the number then it should display the name accordingly.
Test Data :
4
Expected Output :
Thursday
Q12. Write a program to store elements in a List and print it using for & for-in loop
Q13. Write a program to store values in a List and display it in reverse order.
Q14. Write a program to find the sum of all elements of the List
Q15. Write a program to copy the elements of one List into another List using the appropriate loop
Q16. Write a program to count the total number of duplicate elements in a List
Q17. Write a program to find the maximum and minimum element in a List
Q18. Write a program to store values in a Set and print all elements using a loop
Q19. Write a program to print only even numbers in a Set, the set can contain any numbers
Q20. Write a to count the total number of negative elements in a Set.
Q21. Write a program to search for a number in a Set and print “Number Exists!” if that number is found in a Set and print “Number does not exist!” if does not find
Note: You must have to mention your all source code links in a file through https://codeshare.io/ and submit that file to google classroom by Wed Oct 11, 2023